[SDK-2535] Ionic 5, Capacitor & Auth0 Angular quickstart (#9784)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/native/_includes/ionic/_note_storage.md

<!--markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

:::note
`localStorage` should be considered **transient** in a Capacitor app, as the operating system may recover disk space from `localStorage` if it is running low. Please read the [guidance on storage in the Capacitor docs](https://capacitorjs.com/docs/guides/storage#why-cant-i-just-use-localstorage-or-indexeddb).

> The underlying SDK has the ability to use a custom cache implementation to store tokens, if you have a requirement to use a more secure and persistent storage mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The underlying SDK has the ability to use a custom cache implementation to store tokens, useful in case you have a requirement to use a more secure and persistent storage mechanism.
```

Author: Hmm not sure about this one, in the interest of conciseness 🤔

Reviewer: Let's keep it.
